README.md, before:

# ST-Link WebUSB Interface

This project provides a web-based interface for interacting with ST-Link devices
using the WebUSB standard.

It allows users to connect to ST-Link devices, and:
- nothing yet (more to come)

> :warning: **Note:** This tool has only been tested with a NUCLEO-H753ZI board,
> which has an integrated ST-LINK v3.


## Limitations

Your browser must [support WebUSB](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/USB#browser_compatibility). **(TLDR: No Firefox.)**

SharedArrayBuffer must be enabled, which requires the following [two headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SharedArrayBuffer#security_requirements) to be set:
``` http
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp
```


## Building

This project uses a Nix flake for most actions. Nix flakes provide a reproducible way
to manage dependencies and build configurations.

### Prerequisites

1. **Install Nix**: Follow the installation instructions from the [Nix website](https://nixos.org/download.html).
2. **Enable Flakes**: You can either enable experimental features for individual commands or enable flakes globally.
   - Use the `--experimental-features 'nix-command flakes'` flag, or
   - Add the following lines to your Nix configuration file (usually `~/.config/nix/nix.conf`):
     ```sh
     experimental-features = nix-command flakes
     ```


You can then build the project with:

```sh
nix build
```

### (Optional) Serving Locally

You can start a local server to serve the application at `http://localhost:8000` with:
```sh
nix run
```
Remember to use a supported browser.

### (Optional) Development Environment

You can start a development shell with all necessary dependencies with:
```sh
nix develop
```


## Repository Structure

#### Building and Development
- [`flake.nix`](flake.nix): Nix flake for building, running, and providing a development shell.
- [`flake.lock`](flake.lock): Lock file for the Nix flake.

#### Web Interface
- [`index.html`](index.html): The main HTML file for the web interface.
- [`styles.css`](styles.css): The CSS file for styling the web interface.
- [`script.js`](script.js): The main JavaScript file that contains the logic for interacting with the ST-Link device.
- [`wrapper.js`](wrapper.js): A JavaScript file that wraps the necessary functions for WebAssembly.

#### Build process outputs (`result/`)
- `libstlink.js`: The JavaScript glue code generated by Emscripten for the ST-Link library.
- `libstlink.wasm`: The WebAssembly binary for the ST-Link library.
- `libstlink.worker.js`: A Web Worker script for the ST-Link library.

<!-- #### Server-Related Scripts and Files ([`server/`](server/)) -->
<!--   - [`https_server.py`](server/https_server.py): Python script for serving the application over HTTPS. -->

Commit message:

[STLINK] Fix flashing functionality
The necessary chip files for the ST-Link library are preloaded into the
wasm vfs, and loaded on connection, to initialize the library properly.

README.md, after:

# ST-Link WebUSB Interface

This project provides a web-based interface for interacting with ST-Link devices
using the WebUSB standard.

It allows:
- fetching information about the ST-Link
- flashing firmware in `.bin` format

> :warning: **Note:** This tool has only been tested with a NUCLEO-H753ZI board,
> which has an integrated ST-LINK v3.


## Limitations

Your browser must [support WebUSB](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/USB#browser_compatibility). **(TLDR: No Firefox.)**

SharedArrayBuffer must be enabled, which requires the following [two headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SharedArrayBuffer#security_requirements) to be set:
``` http
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp
```


## Building

This project uses a Nix flake for most actions. Nix flakes provide a reproducible way
to manage dependencies and build configurations.

### Prerequisites

1. **Install Nix**: Follow the installation instructions from the [Nix website](https://nixos.org/download.html).
2. **Enable Flakes**: You can either enable experimental features for individual commands or enable flakes globally.
   - Use the `--experimental-features 'nix-command flakes'` flag, or
   - Add the following lines to your Nix configuration file (usually `~/.config/nix/nix.conf`):
     ```sh
     experimental-features = nix-command flakes
     ```


You can then build the project with:

```sh
nix build
```

### (Optional) Serving Locally

You can start a local server to serve the application at `http://localhost:8000` with:
```sh
nix run
```
Remember to use a supported browser.

### (Optional) Development Environment

You can start a development shell with all necessary dependencies with:
```sh
nix develop
```


## Repository Structure

#### Building and Development
- [`flake.nix`](flake.nix): Nix flake for building, running, and providing a development shell.
- [`flake.lock`](flake.lock): Lock file for the Nix flake.

#### Web Interface
- [`index.html`](index.html): The main HTML file for the web interface.
- [`styles.css`](styles.css): The CSS file for styling the web interface.
- [`script.js`](script.js): The main JavaScript file that contains the logic for interacting with the ST-Link device.
- [`wrapper.js`](wrapper.js): A JavaScript file that wraps the necessary functions for WebAssembly.

#### Build process outputs (`result/`)
- `libstlink.js`: The JavaScript glue code generated by Emscripten for the ST-Link library.
- `libstlink.wasm`: The WebAssembly binary for the ST-Link library.
- `libstlink.worker.js`: A Web Worker script for the ST-Link library.
- `libstlink.data`: The data file generated by Emscripten.
- `chips/`: Directory containing the chip configuration files from the ST-Link library.
